Document testing strategy (#165)
microsoft/ccf-app-samples: data-reconciliation-app/test/README.md

# Testing Strategy

## Overview

The purpose of this document is to describe how the application is being tested to assure quality and coverage.

The application testing strategy depends on two main types of testing to achieve the objective:
- Unit testing
- End to end (e2e) testing

## Unit testing

This type of testing covers the application business logic (domain models and services) and generates a test result and code coverage report that give an insight on how the application codebase is covered by the defined test cases.

The application is using the [`Jest Testing Framework`](https://jestjs.io/docs/getting-started) to define the unit-test scenarios in addition to generating a visual view and developer friendly for testing results and code coverage.

![Testing Result](../docs/images/test-result.jpg)

### How to run unit tests

To run the application unit tests

```bash
# In the terminal window
cd data-reconciliation-app     # Navigate to reconciliation sample folder
make unit-test                 # Build and run unit-test using jest framework
```

> **NOTE**: To enable the CCF functionality on testing environment, the application is using built-in feature of CCF, [the Polyfill implementation](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/js/ccf-app/modules/polyfill.html) which is override the CCF modules implementation to support the testing and local environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: To enable the CCF functionality on testing environment, the application is using built-in feature of CCF, [the Polyfill implementation](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/js/ccf-app/modules/polyfill.html) which overrides the CCF modules' implementation to support testing and local environments
```

These wrapper scripts are used for all samples, and they are responsible for starting the particular network with the correct constitution and setting up governance (users, members, and applications). The wrapper scripts will also close the network after the tests have finished (excluding mCCF)._

### How to run e2e-test

To run the application e2e tests

```bash
# In the terminal window
cd data-reconciliation-app     # Navigate to reconciliation sample folder
make test                      # Run end-to-end(e2e) tests in a sandbox (virtual) environment
```

|   Network   |     Command                |                  Script                       | Supported environment     |
| :---------  | :------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------  | :------------------------ |
| Sandbox     | `make test`                | [test_sandbox](../../scripts/test_sandbox.sh) | virtual                   |
| Docker      | `make test-docker-virtual` | [test_docker](../../scripts/test_docker.sh)   | virtual                   |
| Docker      | `make test-docker-enclave` | [test_docker](../../scripts/test_docker.sh)   | enclave (TEE)             |

> | Managed CCF | `make test-mccf`           | [test_mccf](../../scripts/test_docker.sh)     | enclave (TEE)             |

Reviewer: when looking this file in preview mode, the links for the script files seem broken.
They seem to be redirecting to your own branch: `https://github.com/microsoft/ccf-app-samples/blob/aym/testing-strategy/scripts/test_sandbox.sh`
Not sure if this is a general issue or just on my end.

Please double check.

Author: it is working correctly with me, it's may be preview issue

> | :---------  | :------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------  | :------------------------ |
> | Sandbox     | `make test`                | [test_sandbox](../../scripts/test_sandbox.sh) | virtual                   |
> | Docker      | `make test-docker-virtual` | [test_docker](../../scripts/test_docker.sh)   | virtual                   |
> | Docker      | `make test-docker-enclave` | [test_docker](../../scripts/test_docker.sh)   | enclave (TEE)             |
> | Managed CCF | `make test-mccf`           | [test_mccf](../../scripts/test_docker.sh)     | enclave (TEE)             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :---------  | :------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------  | :------------------------ |
| Sandbox     | `make test`                | [test_sandbox](../../scripts/test_sandbox.sh) | virtual                   |
| Docker      | `make test-docker-virtual` | [test_docker](../../scripts/test_docker.sh)   | virtual                   |
| Docker      | `make test-docker-enclave` | [test_docker](../../scripts/test_docker.sh)   | enclave (TEE)             |
| Managed CCF | `make test-mccf`           | [test_mccf](../../scripts/test_mccf.sh)     | enclave (TEE)             |
```
